Privacy Policy for "Korupcija šalia mūsų"

This Privacy Policy describes how "InteractMedia" collects, uses, and shares information from players of our Unity game "Korupcija šalia mūsų". By downloading or playing our game, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Information We Collect

We do not collect any personal information from players of our game. We do not require players to register or provide any information in order to play the game. We also do not use any third-party analytics or advertising services that collect personal information.

We may collect non-personal information, such as crash logs or technical information about the devices running the game, in order to improve the game and provide better support to our players. This information is collected anonymously and is not linked to any individual player.

Use of Information

We use the non-personal information we collect to improve the game and to provide better support to our players. We may also use this information to analyze game usage trends and to monitor and prevent fraudulent or inappropriate behavior.

Sharing of Information

We do not share any information collected from players of our game with third parties. We may, however, share non-personal information with our affiliates or partners for the purpose of improving the game or providing better support to our players.

Security

We take reasonable measures to protect the information collected from players of our game from unauthorized access or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee the security of this information, as no security measures are 100% effective.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to the way we collect, use, or share information from players of our game, we will notify players through in-game messages or other means.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at a34contact@gmail.com.